# RSA Partial Private Key Leakage Attack System
The Coppersmith method is a general term for a class of methods that calculate the small roots of equations based on the lattice basis reduction algorithm. It has important applications in the security analysis of public key cryptography, especially against attacks on the RSA cryptosystem. RSA cryptography is a widely used public key cryptography algorithm. With the emergence and development of side-channel attacks, adversaries are often able to obtain some bits of the RSA private key in actual scenarios. In 1998, Boneh et al. first proposed an RSA partial private key leakage attack based on the Coppersmith method. By exploiting the leaked information of some private keys, this attack can achieve the cracking of RSA.

According to the requirements of the question, this work designs and implements the "RSA Partial Private Key Leakage Attack System" based on the Coppersmith method. This system can automatically determine the leakage model to which the input partial private key leakage information belongs and construct the corresponding optimal polynomial based on the polynomial selection strategy. Then, the Coppersmith method is used to recover the complete key.
This system has the following functions and features:

1. Fully automated attack: Based on the partial private key leakage information, the system can automatically determine the leakage model, construct the optimal polynomial, and output the complete key.
2. Optimal polynomial selection: Based on the leaked information of some private keys, the system can select the most effective and efficient polynomial construction method. In the polynomial selection strategy, we first consider: given the same leaked information, under the premise that multiple polynomial construction methods are effective, the attack efficiency problem of different polynomial construction methods.
3. Efficient Coppersmith: To address the issue of low efficiency of the Groebner basis calculation method in SageMath, we employ the efficient Groebner basis calculation method proposed by Meers et al. to enhance efficiency. In addition, we use the fast lattice reduction algorithm (Flatter) to increase the attack speed. In this system, Flatter is 50 to 100 times faster than Fplll.
4. Higher attack upper bound: For small exponential attacks, we enhance the attack upper bound by combining the "multi-valued continuity phenomenon" proposed by Li et al. with the method of jump search. For the leakage of the lowest bit (LSBs), the highest bit (MSBs), and the simultaneous leakage of both LSBs and MSBs, we use the method of additional traversal of key d to enhance the attack upper bound.
5. Parallelization Acceleration: In the additional traversal method, since different traversals are independent of each other, we program to implement parallelized computing to accelerate the solution.
